exampleSite/content/posts/first-post/index.md, before:

---
title: "Style Guide: see what this theme looks like"
date: 2020-06-18
summary: "Markdown text tests, and some extended features in the theme." # appears in list of posts
categories: ["example", "style"] # main category; shown in post metadata
tags: ["css", "mathematics", "media", "more", "tags", "break", "single", "row"] # list of related tags

slug: "first-post"
toc: true # table of contents button in post
# featured posts are shown on the homepage, and are shown first
# in the category/tags pages
featured: false
draft: false

weight: 10 # smaller values are listed first

# full-width featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
header_image:
    caption: "Clouds in wind."
    img_link: "https://unsplash.com/photos/BX0Mm9fazTI" # source of figure
    list_only: false # don't show image in post; only in list views
---

# Headings

# Heading 1

## Heading 2

### Heading 3

#### Heading 4

##### Heading 5

###### Heading 6

---

# Headings with Text

# Heading 1

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

## Heading 2

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### Heading 3

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

#### Heading 4

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

##### Heading 5

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

###### Heading 6

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

---

# Block Elements

## Paragraphs and Images

Moinsen! Der kess 🦄 Lichtspieltheater. Kittchen und Schwedenfilm krakelen blümerant Narr. Das flügge Personenvereinzelungsanlage dengeln. Kleintierzuchtverein und Naschkatze meucheln adrett Himmelfahrtskommando. Der gebeutelt Personenvereinzelungsanlage. Der butterweich Scharlatan. Der gemach Kokolores. Haderlump und Waldschrat abkupfern hanebüchen Lump. Der hochgestochen Stümper. Das Trinkhalle abkupfern der bierernst Eisbein. Die Lametta stibitzen der töricht Prahlhans. Die altbacken Himmelfahrtskommando. Kerbholz und Schürzenjäger erquicken garstig Schlachtschüssel. Jungfer und Herrengedeck auftakeln pompös Schnitzel. Ach du liebes Lottchen[^footnote-test]!

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Curabitur pretium tincidunt lacus. Nulla gravida orci a odio. Nullam varius, turpis et commodo pharetra, est eros bibendum elit, nec luctus magna felis sollicitudin mauris. Integer in mauris eu nibh euismod gravida. Duis ac tellus et risus vulputate vehicula. Donec lobortis risus a elit. Etiam tempor. Ut ullamcorper, ligula eu tempor congue, eros est euismod turpis, id tincidunt sapien risus a quam. Maecenas fermentum consequat mi. Donec fermentum. Pellentesque malesuada nulla a mi. Duis sapien sem, aliquet nec, commodo eget, consequat quis, neque. Aliquam faucibus, elit ut dictum aliquet, felis nisl adipiscing sapien, sed malesuada diam lacus eget erat. Cras mollis scelerisque nunc. Nullam arcu. Aliquam consequat. Curabitur augue lorem, dapibus quis, laoreet et, pretium ac, nisi. Aenean magna nisl, mollis quis, molestie eu, feugiat in, orci. In hac habitasse platea dictumst.

![Placeholder Image and Some Alt Text](https://source.unsplash.com/daily "A title element for this placeholder image.")

And here's the same figure using [the figure shortcode](https://gohugo.io/content-management/shortcodes/#figure) with some extended features: external links, captions, etc.

{{<figure src="https://source.unsplash.com/daily" link="https://source.unsplash.com/daily" caption="Daily picture from Unsplash." numbered="true" >}}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Nullam dignissim convallis est. Quisque aliquam. Donec faucibus. Nunc iaculis suscipit dui. Nam sit amet sem.

## Blockquote

This is a standard paragraph. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

> **This is a blockquote**. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Nullam dignissim convallis est. Quisque aliquam. Donec faucibus. Nunc iaculis suscipit dui. Nam sit amet sem. Aliquam libero nisi, imperdiet at, tincidunt nec, gravida vehicula, nisl.

This is a standard paragraph. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

_Note: the [Figure-Figcaption](http://html5doctor.com/the-figure-figcaption-elements/) and [Details-Summary](http://html5doctor.com/the-details-and-summary-elements/) elements are not currently supported in markdown._

---

# Text Elements

The [a element](#) and [external a element](https://example.com) examples

The <abbr>abbr element</abbr> and an <abbr title="Abbreviation">abbr</abbr> element with title examples

The <acronym title="A Cowboy Ran One New York Marathon">ACRONYM</acronym> element example

The **b element** example

The <cite>cite element</cite> example

The `code element` example

The <data value="3967381398">data element</data> example

The ~~del element~~ example

The <dfn>dfn element</dfn> and <dfn title="Title text">dfn element with title</dfn> examples

The _em element_ example

The _i element_ example

The <ins>ins element</ins> example

The <kbd>kbd element</kbd> example

The <mark>mark element</mark> example

The {{<hl>}} hl shortcode {{</hl>}} example

The <q>q element</q> example

The <q>q element <q>inside</q> a q element</q> example

The <s>s element</s> example

The <samp>samp element</samp> example

The <small>small element</small> example

The <span>span element</span> example

The **strong element** example

The <sub>sub element</sub> example

The <sup>sup element</sup> example

The <time datetime="2005-05-15 19:00">time element</time> example

The <u>u element</u> example

The <var>var element</var> example

---

# Monospace / Preformatted

Code block wrapped in "pre" and "code" tags:

```javascript
// Loop through Divs using Javascript.
var divs = document.querySelectorAll("div"),
    i;

for (i = 0; i < divs.length; ++i) {
    divs[i].style.color = "green";
}
```

Monospace Text wrapped in "pre" tags:

<pre>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</pre>

---

# List Types

## Ordered List

1. List Item 1
2. List Item 2
3. List Item 3
    1. List Item 3.1
    2. List Item 3.2
        1. List Item 3.2.1
        2. List Item 3.2 2
    3. List Item 3.3
4. List Item 4

## Unordered List

-   List Item 1
-   List Item 2
-   List Item 3
    -   List Item 3.1
        -   List Item 3.2
            -   List Item 3.2.1
            -   List Item 3.2 2
        -   List Item 3.3
-   List Item 4

---

# Tables

| Table Header 1 | Table Header 2 | Table Header 3 |
| -------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Division 1     | Division 2     | Division 3     |
| Division 1     | Division 2     | Division 3     |
| Division 1     | Division 2     | Division 3     |

---

# Math Typesetting

Inline equation: $E = mc^2$.

Display equation:

$$
y = X\beta + \epsilon
$$

[^footnote-test]: This is a footnote.

Commit message:

feat(post-img): support unsplash photo ID
Featured images can be large, so now parsing unsplash photo IDs is supported

BREAKING CHANGE: In front matter, header_image.img_link is changed to header_image.unsplash_id

exampleSite/content/posts/first-post/index.md, after:

---
title: "Style Guide: see what this theme looks like"
date: 2020-06-18
summary: "Markdown text tests, and some extended features in the theme." # appears in list of posts
categories: ["example", "style"] # main category; shown in post metadata
tags: ["css", "mathematics", "media", "more", "tags", "break", "single", "row"] # list of related tags

slug: "first-post"
toc: true # table of contents button in post
# featured posts are shown on the homepage, and are shown first
# in the category/tags pages
featured: true
draft: false

weight: 10 # smaller values are listed first

# full-width featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
header_image:
    caption: "Clouds in wind."  # Give credits here, or whatever captions you want to add (support markdown)
    unsplash_id: "BX0Mm9fazTI"  # Unsplash ID of the picture
    list_only: false # don't show image in post; only in list views
---

# Headings

# Heading 1

## Heading 2

### Heading 3

#### Heading 4

##### Heading 5

###### Heading 6

---

# Headings with Text

# Heading 1

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

## Heading 2

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### Heading 3

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

#### Heading 4

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

##### Heading 5

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

###### Heading 6

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

---

# Block Elements

## Paragraphs and Images

Moinsen! Der kess 🦄 Lichtspieltheater. Kittchen und Schwedenfilm krakelen blümerant Narr. Das flügge Personenvereinzelungsanlage dengeln. Kleintierzuchtverein und Naschkatze meucheln adrett Himmelfahrtskommando. Der gebeutelt Personenvereinzelungsanlage. Der butterweich Scharlatan. Der gemach Kokolores. Haderlump und Waldschrat abkupfern hanebüchen Lump. Der hochgestochen Stümper. Das Trinkhalle abkupfern der bierernst Eisbein. Die Lametta stibitzen der töricht Prahlhans. Die altbacken Himmelfahrtskommando. Kerbholz und Schürzenjäger erquicken garstig Schlachtschüssel. Jungfer und Herrengedeck auftakeln pompös Schnitzel. Ach du liebes Lottchen[^footnote-test]!

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Curabitur pretium tincidunt lacus. Nulla gravida orci a odio. Nullam varius, turpis et commodo pharetra, est eros bibendum elit, nec luctus magna felis sollicitudin mauris. Integer in mauris eu nibh euismod gravida. Duis ac tellus et risus vulputate vehicula. Donec lobortis risus a elit. Etiam tempor. Ut ullamcorper, ligula eu tempor congue, eros est euismod turpis, id tincidunt sapien risus a quam. Maecenas fermentum consequat mi. Donec fermentum. Pellentesque malesuada nulla a mi. Duis sapien sem, aliquet nec, commodo eget, consequat quis, neque. Aliquam faucibus, elit ut dictum aliquet, felis nisl adipiscing sapien, sed malesuada diam lacus eget erat. Cras mollis scelerisque nunc. Nullam arcu. Aliquam consequat. Curabitur augue lorem, dapibus quis, laoreet et, pretium ac, nisi. Aenean magna nisl, mollis quis, molestie eu, feugiat in, orci. In hac habitasse platea dictumst.

![Placeholder Image and Some Alt Text](https://source.unsplash.com/daily "A title element for this placeholder image.")

And here's the same figure using [the figure shortcode](https://gohugo.io/content-management/shortcodes/#figure) with some extended features: external links, captions, etc.

{{<figure src="https://source.unsplash.com/daily" link="https://source.unsplash.com/daily" caption="Daily picture from Unsplash." numbered="true" >}}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Nullam dignissim convallis est. Quisque aliquam. Donec faucibus. Nunc iaculis suscipit dui. Nam sit amet sem.

## Blockquote

This is a standard paragraph. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

> **This is a blockquote**. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Nullam dignissim convallis est. Quisque aliquam. Donec faucibus. Nunc iaculis suscipit dui. Nam sit amet sem. Aliquam libero nisi, imperdiet at, tincidunt nec, gravida vehicula, nisl.

This is a standard paragraph. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.

_Note: the [Figure-Figcaption](http://html5doctor.com/the-figure-figcaption-elements/) and [Details-Summary](http://html5doctor.com/the-details-and-summary-elements/) elements are not currently supported in markdown._

---

# Text Elements

The [a element](#) and [external a element](https://example.com) examples

The <abbr>abbr element</abbr> and an <abbr title="Abbreviation">abbr</abbr> element with title examples

The <acronym title="A Cowboy Ran One New York Marathon">ACRONYM</acronym> element example

The **b element** example

The <cite>cite element</cite> example

The `code element` example

The <data value="3967381398">data element</data> example

The ~~del element~~ example

The <dfn>dfn element</dfn> and <dfn title="Title text">dfn element with title</dfn> examples

The _em element_ example

The _i element_ example

The <ins>ins element</ins> example

The <kbd>kbd element</kbd> example

The <mark>mark element</mark> example

The {{<hl>}} hl shortcode {{</hl>}} example

The <q>q element</q> example

The <q>q element <q>inside</q> a q element</q> example

The <s>s element</s> example

The <samp>samp element</samp> example

The <small>small element</small> example

The <span>span element</span> example

The **strong element** example

The <sub>sub element</sub> example

The <sup>sup element</sup> example

The <time datetime="2005-05-15 19:00">time element</time> example

The <u>u element</u> example

The <var>var element</var> example

---

# Monospace / Preformatted

Code block wrapped in "pre" and "code" tags:

```javascript
// Loop through Divs using Javascript.
var divs = document.querySelectorAll("div"),
    i;

for (i = 0; i < divs.length; ++i) {
    divs[i].style.color = "green";
}
```

Monospace Text wrapped in "pre" tags:

<pre>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</pre>

---

# List Types

## Ordered List

1. List Item 1
2. List Item 2
3. List Item 3
    1. List Item 3.1
    2. List Item 3.2
        1. List Item 3.2.1
        2. List Item 3.2 2
    3. List Item 3.3
4. List Item 4

## Unordered List

-   List Item 1
-   List Item 2
-   List Item 3
    -   List Item 3.1
        -   List Item 3.2
            -   List Item 3.2.1
            -   List Item 3.2 2
        -   List Item 3.3
-   List Item 4

---

# Tables

| Table Header 1 | Table Header 2 | Table Header 3 |
| -------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Division 1     | Division 2     | Division 3     |
| Division 1     | Division 2     | Division 3     |
| Division 1     | Division 2     | Division 3     |

---

# Math Typesetting

Inline equation: $E = mc^2$.

Display equation:

$$
y = X\beta + \epsilon
$$

[^footnote-test]: This is a footnote.
